---
layout: post
title: On Google
created: 2006-12-14
---
_THE HOLY POWER OF GOOGLE!_

Information is fun. So is looking for things. Put these two together, and you get one gigantically fun package! Google is the best of both worlds! It has taken the country by storm, and I think like there are over a billion search requests per day! No librarian could ever keep up!

Googling (now a proper verb) "Nick Stocchero" will lead you to find that I am a computer nerd, I play baseball, and that I was particularly gifted in math problems when I was in Junior High. Creepy that someone could find all that about about me, by just knowing my name.

And did you know that Google keeps a record of what you search for? This month I have done around 1,889 searches on Google, and do most of my searching on Sunday. The bulk of my requests come at about 10:00 PM, and I have never made a search at 4:00 AM or 5:00 AM.
Here are my top ten...

Top queries

- 1.	nick stocchero
- 2.	gmail
- 3.	naperville central
- 4.	wiki
- 5.	cubs suck
- 6.	whois
- 7.	white sox
- 8.	naperville sun
- 9.	whitesox
- 10.	ebay

Top visited sites

- 1.	wikipedia.org
- 2.	sing365.com
- 3.	microsoft.com
- 4.	digg.com
- 5.	ncusd203.org
- 6.	azlyrics.com
- 7.	apple.com
- 8.	amazon.com
- 9.	youtube.com
- 10.	lyrics007.com


And to end this mother of a blog, Here are some of my favorite searches!

- Worst Band in The World
- The Answer to life, the world, and everything
- French Military Victories
- Waffles
- Miserable Failure

Long live the Google!
